protect the print shop workflow from
haidle back everything now has to be
quicker and better and cost less a trend
that will continue to grow in future
what your company really needs in the
face of fiercer competition is faster
and more efficient production
naturally without any compromises in
terms of quality but investments in more
productive hardware alone are not enough
the key to success is efficient print
shop management and clear communication
both across departments and with
customers let us show you just how easy
this can be with protect the print shop
workflow from haidle back protect links
production related and administrative
process steps simplifies and automates
workflows and coordinates them perfectly
all this is based on an open data
standard known as job definition format
JDF gdf is simply an electric job ticket
that can be accessed from anywhere in
the print shop thanks to the central
protect database protect enables you to
manage your workflows job scheduling is
flexible and you are aware of the
current job status at all times you make
decisions based on the actual situation
and actively control your processes thus
keeping a handle on quality and costs
even when unscheduled changes need to be
made
Heidelberg is the only company to
integrate your entire manufacturing
process in a single workflow
from job acceptance and production to
delivery and billing
what's more this is a printshop workflow
that you can adapt flexibly because pre
neck is available in all kinds of
configurations if your needs grow
protect simply grows too it links all
parts of a print shop turning the vision
of complete integration into reality
boost your efficiency and achieve higher
profits get protected